DEPO service/session/network/persistence update

Extract depo-services-audit-fix.zip into a temporary directory on the application
VM. Its paths are relative to the DEPO project root.

1. Back up the current frontend folder and the backend/tool files in this ZIP.
   Stop frontend and backend services using the project's normal lifecycle scripts.
2. Replace the frontend folder with the packaged frontend folder, which contains
   the production dist build and all matching build-receipt input files. Copy the
   packaged backend and tools files over their corresponding project files.
   Retain the existing backend Python environment and project-root .env.local.
3. If you retain an additional frontend .env file or customize frontend sources,
   rebuild frontend on the VM before starting it. The startup script intentionally
   checks every build input against dist/depo-build-receipt.json. Root .env.local
   runtime routing can continue to be used without editing frontend build inputs.
4. Restart backend services and frontend through the existing project scripts.
   No schema migration or credential rotation is required by this update.
5. Reload the browser. In Admin, connect registered services and verify the current
   read session. Check offline Ollama. The UI now shows the exact checked endpoint
   and whether the failure is a connection failure, timeout, invalid response,
   rejected authentication, missing route, or missing model.

Run on the application VM to check the configured local Ollama listener:
  Invoke-RestMethod 'http://127.0.0.1:11434/api/tags' -TimeoutSec 5

127.0.0.1 here means the application VM. If Ollama runs on another host, configure
OLLAMA_BASE_URL / OLLAMA_API_URL and OLLAMA_CHAT_API_URL to the intended host in
the server environment, then restart the affected services. Configuration does
not install Ollama or download a model. Use the exact installed model name.

Read service-session-network-persistence-audit.txt for the fifteen fixed defects,
test results and verification limits.

The package also includes the orchestration update. Read orchestration-completion.txt
for recovery/reconciliation controls, live OpenAPI preflight requirements, stdio MCP
configuration, agent tool proposals, mapping checks and incremental chat streaming.
Preserve existing PostgreSQL records; the new execution fields are stored as JSON.

Data and agent service evidence fixes (2026-10-07)
- Quality accepted partitions retain source IDs, provenance and original source fields.
- Quality reports collect independent validation issues and count rejected records once.
- Dimension scores include assessed/not-assessed counts; uniqueness is null when no IDs can be assessed.
- Entirely rejected batches retain a report with quality_gate=failed and status=quality_warning, without Spark allocation.
- Agent downstream HTTP rejection statuses are preserved; transport failures remain 503.
- Publication, idempotent retries, catalog retries and revocation responses omit internal package paths and credential fields.
- Local regression run: 15 tests, 14 passed and one skipped because the optional test dependency is unavailable. No live VM validation.

State, session and timing fixes (2026-10-07)
- Companion session updates use per-session advisory locks and monotonic last-seen timestamps.
- Session pruning checks both absolute and configured idle expiry.
- Workflows emit separate per-execution heartbeats every ten seconds, including during pause and active tool waits. State projection, recovery and reconciliation consult those heartbeats; deadlines are unchanged.
- Malformed, nonfinite and nonpositive timing settings fall back to safe defaults. Session, worker lease/poll/staleness, workflow/tool and companion retrieval settings use bounded parsing.
- New heartbeat records use the existing registry table; no schema migration is required.
- Verification: 19 targeted regression tests, 18 passed and one skipped for an unavailable optional test dependency. Existing full FastAPI recovery/security suites were updated but not rerun in this dependency-light runtime.
- Live PostgreSQL concurrency and VM deployment remain unverified.

Broader verification completed 2026-10-07: 68 backend tests passed, including FastAPI recovery/security tests; 19 frontend tests passed. Temporary test dependencies were used only for validation. Live VM and PostgreSQL concurrency verification remain pending.
